You mean she didn't ask for information?
I still want photos, yes
I have caused you to be in the middle
Let her not have to do the completion certificate in the future.
Continue to bear the midnight oil
Please tell me right away, yes
you gave me a surprise
I also respond to you. I will finish it for you now.
Go to a mobilization company
How old are some people’s children?
I even had a semi-official invitation with my colleagues.
What do you mean
I'm not famous enough now
Does it seem like the air is jumping?
Don't play with me about words and phrases
An official office that does not do business here
Ruozhong, I'm sorry.
You are the one who deserves the fruit
You were fired. Tell me clearly.
In the morning, someone revealed the marriage debt.
Report you and Zhang An for going abroad
Our company has banned young people in the office
Total experience sent me to tell you
You are being treated less favorably than me
There is no relationship between Wu Zhang and Zhang An
What should I do to recall it myself?
I just use it to talk
I'm here to judge points and you hit me.
My experience always says that I speak with my own hands
Management still agrees
I'll make the decision today
The Queen doesn’t seem to welcome you
I changed my usual
What's the matter? The general manager is here
It is definitely necessary to teach without sin.
You don't dare to leave
If you leave
Our company collapsed
Mr. Lei, what do you mean?
How come it must be a crime?
Is our biggest independent hair
I just received the training
if i fire you
I just want to point it out to you
No, there are still some problems
I really want to be in cahoots with you
Let us destroy ourselves
Come here welcome
Qingzang, thank you for helping me vent my anger.
You're welcome
In fact, if you think
If you are not happy, I can
No, Mr. Qian, I think you misunderstood
I have no problem with my old country
thank you for your relationship
Besides, I don't need your help
I can also solve the problems I face
But love must be for this little bit of face
Aren’t you saying you’re doing well? You’re so old
follow your request
Check-in Chairman's list that night
It's all here